objstore : implement Baidu BOS (#4506)
thanos-io/thanos: docs/storage.md

Use --objstore.config-file to reference to this configuration file.

#### Baidu BOS

> In order to use Baidu BOS object storage, you should apply a Baidu Account to create an object storage bucket at first. Note that detailed from Baidu Cloud Documents:[https://cloud.baidu.com/doc/BOS/index.html](https://cloud.baidu.com/doc/BOS/index.html) for more detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use Baidu BOS object storage, you should apply for a Baidu Account and create an object storage bucket first. Refer to [Baidu Cloud Documents](https://cloud.baidu.com/doc/BOS/index.html) for more details.
```

> To use Baidu BOS object storage, please specify following yaml configuration file in `objstore.config*` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Baidu BOS object storage, please specify the following yaml configuration file in `--objstore.config*` flag.
```

Author: Done.

```yaml mdox-exec="go run scripts/cfggen/main.go --name=bos.Config"
type: BOS
config:
  bucket: ""
  endpoint: ""
  access_key: ""
  secret_key: ""
```

> Use --objstore.config-file to reference to this configuration file.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Not sure what this sentenced tried to say. I think it's fine whatever we have above
